This skill and software are provided with no garantee.  This software is licensed under the License of Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.

This privacy policy describes how the skill provider protects your (“you”, “the user”) privacy and your data. Before using any of our Alexa Skills (“our skills”), please read this policy and our Alexa Skills Terms of Use, as well as the Alexa Terms of Use and the Privacy Policies by the Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, “Amazon”).

Regarding Amazon, “Alexa” means their Alexa Voice Service which includes third party services (like our skills) and other related Software.

If you use one of our skills you fully agree to this privacy policy.

General
When you use our skills you have to talk to Alexa. This voice input is sent to Amazon and us where we use it to understand what our skill should do for you. This is absolutely necessary for our service to give you an appropriate answer.  

Data
In using this skill, you agree to allow us to log transactions for our use.  This is typically for the improvement of the application or to review the application's performance and stability, i.e. logs may be used when functionality is not working as expected to diagnose and resolve issues.

To improve our services we analyze automatically how often utterances are spoken and other analytics. This is done automatically by Amazon in the Amazon Developer Portal.

For some of our skills it is necessary to save data for you in our databases. This data is only connected to your Alexa-UserId but never to your name or any other personal information. Otherwise we could not provide you this service.

Changes
Our skills or parts of it may change or be updated at any time. Further, this Privacy Policy might change. You can find a link to this policy on the description page of the skill in the Alexa App or in the Alexa Store. Your continued use of our skill after changes of the Privacy Policy or the skill itself will be seen as your acceptance of both.
